Conviso_CLI_Findings (#190)
convisoappsec/conviso-docs: docs/cli/findings.md

---
id: findings
title: Importing the scan results of a SARIF file
sidebar_label: Importing the scan results of a SARIF file
---

## Introduction
The Conviso CLI allows you to import results from a [SARIF](http://docs.oasis-open.org/sarif/sarif/v2.1.0/sarif-v2.1.0.html) file, such as Trivy or Semgrep, to a project in your account on the Conviso Platform. This can be useful for tracking and managing security vulnerabilities and other issues found by scanning tools.

> **Note:** This functionality is in **Pre-Release**. It is necessary that the Container image in Job `import` use the corresponding version `1.12.0-rc.2`. To learn how to do this, [read how to install the Conviso CLI in alternative methods](/installation.md/#other-installation-commands).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This functionality is in **Released** in version `1.12.1`. To learn how to do this, [read how to install the Conviso CLI in alternative methods](/installation.md/#other-installation-commands).
```

Reviewer: Já saiu do prerelease e foi lançado na versão 1.12.1

![image](https://github.com/convisoappsec/conviso-docs/assets/8931900/e0ca02a5-0dbc-4b19-b84a-b161ed47a06c)

```
conviso findings import-sarif --project-code $YOUR_PROJECT_CODE --input-file ‘SARIF FILE PATH’
```

**Note:** You will need to provide the `--project-code` option with the project code of the project you want to import the results to. You will also need to provide the `--input-file` option with the path to the SARIF file containing the results.

When everything goes well, you will receive the following message in the terminal:

```
The results were successfully imported!
```

The identified vulnerabilities will be automatically sent to your Project on Conviso Platform, now you can use the [Vulnerabilities Management](../general/vulnerabilities_management.md) resource to work on the correction flow.

## Integrate the SARIF importation with Github Actions 
In addition to using the command line interface, you can also integrate the SARIF import with Github Actions. 

To use this integration, you must set up three variables as secrets in the repository:

  * `FLOW_API_KEY` - (required) - Conviso Platform API Key 

  * `FLOW_PROJECT_CODE` - (required) - Conviso Platform project key

>   * `OUTPUT_FILEPATH` - (required) - SARIF filepath outputed from scanner and consumed by Conviso CLI

Reviewer: **Suggestion**

Não deveriam alterar essa estrutura de tabela, que é melhor para visualização dos parâmetros. :shrug:
